chore(RHTAPWATCH-890): Add Alering Rule for konflux_up metric (#248)
redhat-appstudio/o11y: README.md

* [**Alert Rule QuotaExceeded**](https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/konflux/docs/sop/-/blob/main/o11y/alert-rule-QuotaExceeded.md)

### Availability Metric Alerts

> These Alert rules are defined to monitor and alert if the `konflux_up` metric is missing for all expected permutations of the `service` and `check` labels across different environments.

Reviewer: break this line at 80-90 chars

* [**Alert Rule QuotaExceeded**](https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/rhtap/docs/sop/-/blob/main/o11y/alert-rule-QuotaExceeded.md)

### Availability Metric Alerts

> These Alert rules are defined to monitor and alert if the konflux_up metric is available for Observability, SPI and HAS teams for different environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These Alert rules are defined to monitor and alert if the `konflux_up` metric is missing for all expected permutations of the `service` and `check` labels across different environments.
```
